COMP 2406 2016W Assignment #3
 Nicholas Lewanowicz
 100937167

1. RawContents is the raw data being passed in that contains your page data. It is a big string.
   Lines is a 'split' version of rawContents it is an array of strings.
   Split is a function which seperates unparsed data. By default splits by each 'new line' character.

2. The 'finished' line will print immediately after line 23 is read but not necessarily after it is done reading the file.
   If the file being read is a large file 'finished' will print before it is fully loaded because of the async nature of node.

3. If line 48 was changed to say 'response.writeHead(404, {' then all pages would return 404

4. In request handler you would modify line 92 to look for 'request.headers['user-agent'].indexOf('iPhone')>-1)' aswell as special characters.
   'User Agent: iPhone' is the header that specifies the user is browsing on iPhone, when this is true it will send a 403

5. a) Commenting out line 7 will break the program and cause it to not compile due to 'app' being called later in the function on line 16
   b) The server will launch listening on port 3000 and regardless of the parameter passed it will always be port 3000
   c) This would set the app setting 'views' to be the '.' directory (root) rather then the one directory specified in "path.join(__dirname, 'views')".
      This means that the app wont be looking in the right folder and your webpage wont display.
   d) 'module.exports' will be replaced by 'router' which is equal to the 'express.Router()'. This will clear the libraries being used and replace them with 'router'
      If this is commented out you wont be able to use any of the functions within the express.Router() which will break things further in the program
   e) When commenting out 'block content' the compiler will throw an error as it expects there to be an input to the body but there is nothing there.
      Additionally when the index and add are read they reference 'block content' which isnt in the layout which will confuse the compiler.
   f) If you change the indentation of the button is will no longer have a method or action associated with it. This would make the button still visable
      but have no function.
